hey guys my mod guy here and I wanted to
show you guys another one of my
creations designs i don't know i got a
minecart down here which means to day no
stop art whatever all right well you
flip a switch and it goes up here and
then it just goes around killing zombies
she was right in a circle I'm still
working on a way to UM get it to go to
get to go back but uh yeah it basically
just shoots zombies all the way pretty
far away see kill zombies and stuff this
can be what you put on I don't know nice
big castle or something I'm not 100 sure
what you would what you would do for
this but we make it through this remove
that and then just add a regular old
everybody's cart and I know I could have
I could do without those but just normal
cart there
I would work we remove this die there we
go so if you want it to do that I guess
I can that would do this and it will
just send it for real and back I'm
pretty sure to the balance though shit's
first up to switch
whoa my zombies live with that sent it
right back and this time instead of a
bouncing back it'll just stay down but
for some reason I can't seem to get it
to go home that's good that's definitely
was not good i probably should taking
instant mine off yeah ow whoa whoa the
crepes 2 zombies doing down in here oh
good lord oh my god um I don't know but
yeah so that's basically that guy some
so thank you guys for watching I'm with
you subscribers away to subscribers away
as this videos posted almost less
streaming I've already tested out i'm
probably the host on livestream because
it works the best and yeah it doesn't
lag much so yeah but thanks for watching
comment rate subscribe and just be
starting to rain again every time I our
spawn 100 gasps oh it oops spawn 100
gasps okay whatever spawn 100 gasps I
don't understand
I thought it was is it gasps I'm thinks
gasps spawn 100 Giants okay um spawn 100
pig men my god spawn 100 creepers oh my
god spawn 100 creeper um see I need to
do this before I leave because it's so
important if I look man I'm just like so
lost what's this hello man I know what
helmet does whoa what the heck why the
heck put it give me that as a helmet
helmet stick I have stick helmet all
right let's show one more thing ready
helmet dymond or yeah buddy hahaha yeah
I had so awesome that is so proud oh my
god this is so pro I'm sure one more
thing hell man lava your buddy I'm all
lava um tell me zombie Oh
I'm it mine cart all helmet
Gold what we talking about
helmut mine cart 0 didn't really make my
head of mine cart though only one of my
head to be a mine cart 0 sponge helmet
punish yeah buddy I'm walking around
like this from now on but anyways after
that long ending cuz that was just crazy
i was just like rah but uh whatever hey
guys for watching a comment rate
subscribe peace